it happened after this that the king of
it happened after this that the king of the people of ammon died and Haman his
the people of ammon died and Haman his
the people of ammon died and Haman his son reigned in his place then David said
son reigned in his place then David said
son reigned in his place then David said I will show kindness to hainan the son
I will show kindness to hainan the son
I will show kindness to hainan the son of Nash as his father showed kindness to
of Nash as his father showed kindness to
of Nash as his father showed kindness to me so David sent by the hand of his
me so David sent by the hand of his
me so David sent by the hand of his servants to comfort him concerning his
servants to comfort him concerning his
servants to comfort him concerning his father and David's servants came into
father and David's servants came into
father and David's servants came into the land of the people of almond and the
the land of the people of almond and the
the land of the people of almond and the princes of the people of almond said to
princes of the people of almond said to
princes of the people of almond said to hainan their Lord do you think that
hainan their Lord do you think that
hainan their Lord do you think that David really honors your father because
David really honors your father because
David really honors your father because he has sent comforters to you has David
he has sent comforters to you has David
he has sent comforters to you has David not rather sent his servants to you to
not rather sent his servants to you to
not rather sent his servants to you to search the city despite out and to
search the city despite out and to
search the city despite out and to overthrow it therefore hainan took
overthrow it therefore hainan took
overthrow it therefore hainan took David's servants shaved off half their
David's servants shaved off half their
David's servants shaved off half their beards cut off their garments in the
beards cut off their garments in the
beards cut off their garments in the middle at their buttocks and send them
middle at their buttocks and send them
middle at their buttocks and send them away when they told David he sent to
away when they told David he sent to
away when they told David he sent to meet them because the men were greatly
meet them because the men were greatly
meet them because the men were greatly ashamed and the King said wait at
ashamed and the King said wait at
ashamed and the King said wait at Jericho until your beards have grown and
Jericho until your beards have grown and
Jericho until your beards have grown and then return when the people of almond
then return when the people of almond
then return when the people of almond saw that they had made themselves
saw that they had made themselves
saw that they had made themselves repulsive to David the people of almond
repulsive to David the people of almond
repulsive to David the people of almond scent and hired the Syrians of Beth
scent and hired the Syrians of Beth
scent and hired the Syrians of Beth Briana and the Syrians of Zopa 20,000
Briana and the Syrians of Zopa 20,000
Briana and the Syrians of Zopa 20,000 foot soldiers and from the king of
foot soldiers and from the king of
foot soldiers and from the king of America 1000 men and from ich tub twelve
America 1000 men and from ich tub twelve
America 1000 men and from ich tub twelve thousand men by when David heard of it
thousand men by when David heard of it
thousand men by when David heard of it he sent Joab and all the army of the
he sent Joab and all the army of the
he sent Joab and all the army of the mighty men then the people of Amun came
mighty men then the people of Amun came
mighty men then the people of Amun came out and put themselves in battle array
out and put themselves in battle array
out and put themselves in battle array at the entrance of the gate and the
at the entrance of the gate and the
at the entrance of the gate and the Syrians of zobo that rehab ishtam and
Syrians of zobo that rehab ishtam and
Syrians of zobo that rehab ishtam and merca were by themselves in the field
merca were by themselves in the field
merca were by themselves in the field when Joab saw that the battle line was
when Joab saw that the battle line was
when Joab saw that the battle line was against him before and behind
against him before and behind
against him before and behind he chose some of Israel's best and put
he chose some of Israel's best and put
he chose some of Israel's best and put them in battle array against the Syrians
them in battle array against the Syrians
them in battle array against the Syrians and the rest of the people he put under
and the rest of the people he put under
and the rest of the people he put under the command of a Bashar his brother that
the command of a Bashar his brother that
the command of a Bashar his brother that he might set them in battle array
he might set them in battle array
he might set them in battle array against the people of Amun then he said
against the people of Amun then he said
against the people of Amun then he said if the Syrians are too strong for me
if the Syrians are too strong for me
if the Syrians are too strong for me that you shall help me but if the people
that you shall help me but if the people
that you shall help me but if the people of ammon are too strong for you and I
of ammon are too strong for you and I
of ammon are too strong for you and I will come and help you be of good
will come and help you be of good
will come and help you be of good courage and let us be strong for our
courage and let us be strong for our
courage and let us be strong for our people and for the cities of our God and
people and for the cities of our God and
people and for the cities of our God and made a lure do what is good in his sight
made a lure do what is good in his sight
made a lure do what is good in his sight Sojo have and the people who were with
Sojo have and the people who were with
Sojo have and the people who were with him drew near for the battle against the
him drew near for the battle against the
him drew near for the battle against the Syrians and they fled before him
when the people of ammon saw that the
when the people of ammon saw that the Syrians were fleeing they also fled
Syrians were fleeing they also fled
Syrians were fleeing they also fled before a bashar and entered the city
before a bashar and entered the city
before a bashar and entered the city so Joab returned from the people of Amon
so Joab returned from the people of Amon
so Joab returned from the people of Amon and went to Jerusalem when the Syrians
and went to Jerusalem when the Syrians
and went to Jerusalem when the Syrians saw that they had been defeated by
saw that they had been defeated by
saw that they had been defeated by Israel they gathered together then had a
Israel they gathered together then had a
Israel they gathered together then had a teaser a scent and brought out the
teaser a scent and brought out the
teaser a scent and brought out the Syrians who will beyond the river and
Syrians who will beyond the river and
Syrians who will beyond the river and they came to heal up and show back the
they came to heal up and show back the
they came to heal up and show back the commander of a Haddadi tzer's army went
commander of a Haddadi tzer's army went
commander of a Haddadi tzer's army went before them when it was told David he
before them when it was told David he
before them when it was told David he gathered all Israel crossed over the
gathered all Israel crossed over the
gathered all Israel crossed over the Jordan and came to heal him and the
Jordan and came to heal him and the
Jordan and came to heal him and the Syrians set themselves in battle array
Syrians set themselves in battle array
Syrians set themselves in battle array against David and fought with him then
against David and fought with him then
against David and fought with him then the Syrians fled before Israel and David
the Syrians fled before Israel and David
the Syrians fled before Israel and David killed 700 charioteers and forty
killed 700 charioteers and forty
killed 700 charioteers and forty thousand horsemen of the Syrians and
thousand horsemen of the Syrians and
thousand horsemen of the Syrians and structure back the commander of their
structure back the commander of their
structure back the commander of their army who died there and when all the
army who died there and when all the
army who died there and when all the kings who were servants - had a Deezer
kings who were servants - had a Deezer
kings who were servants - had a Deezer saw that they were defeated by Israel
saw that they were defeated by Israel
saw that they were defeated by Israel they made peace with Israel and served
they made peace with Israel and served
they made peace with Israel and served them so the Syrians were afraid to help
them so the Syrians were afraid to help
them so the Syrians were afraid to help the people of ammon anymore